Alright, here's what you just learned.
Explain the three components of Kafka exactly-once semantics.
Implement a transactional producer with initTransactions, beginTransaction, commitTransaction, and abortTransaction.
Configure a consumer with isolation.level=read_committed.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to explain the three components of kafka exactly-once semantics, implement a transactional producer with inittransactions, begintransaction, committransaction, and aborttransaction, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!